2. Modelling Users
   Authentication, Authorization is all about user loggin in, and accessing pages or routes, that we grant them permission to do.

3. Creating new Users
   Most of the user stuff like creating new User, logging user in authentication in authentication controller. 
   The user resource is differnt from other resourcse as it require authentication.
   REST Architecture rule The name of the URL has nothing to do with the action that is performed. 

4. Managing Password
   When we are working with authentication one of the fundamental principle is to never store a plain password in a database. 
   We can use Mongoosh middleware for the encryption pre save middleware. We want to encrypt the password if the password field has been updated only.
   Bcrypt: Encryption and hashing algorithm
   This algorithm will first salt then hash our password in order to make it really strong to protect it against bruthforce attack. 
   salt our password: This means that the random string is add to the password so that two equal password do not generate the same hash. 
   this.password = bcrypt.hash(this.password,12);
   where 12 is an coast parameter HIgher the coast the more CPU intensive the process will be and better the password will be encrypted. 

5. How Authentication with JWT Works
   There are many authentication method available in the open world one of the most popular one is :
   JWT (Json web Tokens): It is a stateless solution for authentication. So there is no need to store any session state on the server which is perfect for the restful api as restful api should always be stateless. Another widely use authentication mehtod to JWT is user log in state on the server using sessions. It doesn't follow the principle of RESTful api of stateless so we are opting it with JWT. 
   How JSON web token (JET) Authentication Works
   so the user client makes a post request with name and password the application check if the user exists and password is correct and this so unique Json webtoken for only that user is created using the secret string that is stored in server. JWT is just a string. The server send that JET back to the client whichwill sotre it either in cookie or in local storage just like this user is authenticated and basically logged into our application without leaving any state on the server. so the server doesn't know in fact which user are logged in but user know it as he/she has JWT token. 
   All this must happen in https to prevent anyone get access to jwt. 
   
   What JWT looks like?
   It is made up of three part:
   header: metadata about the JWT itself.
   payload: data that we can encode into the token.
   This two data are plain text which anyone can decode.
   verify signature: It is created using the header, payload and the secret that is saved on the server. which is called signing of JWT.

   Signing and veryfing Works
   signing algorithm takes the header payload and secret to create a signature. together with the header,payload and signature JWT is formed which get sent to the client.
   verifying: Once the JWT is received to get access to the protected route it need to verify it if the user is really who he claim to be.  so once the JWT is received the verification will take the header and payload and together with the secret that is still saved on the server create a test signature. Then the test signature is compared with the original signature. 
   test signature === signature Data not been modified authenticated
   test signature !== signature data has been modified not authenticated

6. Signing up Users
   One of the most popular library for the authentication and authorization is passport. 
   Usually as we sign up for any website we get automatically logged in.

7. Logging in Users
    The concept of logging in users basically means to sign a JSON web token and send it back to the client. But in the case of Loggin in user we only issue the token in case user exists and password is correct. 
    We use bcrypt to generate the hased password so we can also basically compare an original password with hashed password by encrypting it and coparing with the encrypted one. 
    Instance Method: It is basically a method that is gonna be availabe on all documents of a certain collection. 

8. Protecting Tour routes
    we can protect certain routes so before running that certain handlers we need to have certain check in place to verify the user is logged in or not. so we perform it with middleware function. so the middleware will return an error if we aren't logged in if logged in return the response. 
    Implementation of the protect middleware
    - 1) Getting token and check of it's there
      To send a JSON web token as a header there is a standard where key is authorization and value of header should start with bearer.
    - 2) Verification token
    - 3) Check if user still exists
    - 4) Check if user changed password after the token was issused

9. Protecting Tour Routes
   
11. Authorization User Roles and permission
   We need to authorize only certain type of user to perform certain actions. Authorization is the process of verifying if a certain user has the rights to interact with certain resource even if he is logged in. 

12. Password Reset Functionality
   
13. Sending Emails with NodeMailer
   We need to follow three step in order to send mail with nodemailer:
   1) Create a transporter : It is basically a service that will actually send the mail because it isn't nodejs that will send the email. eg: Gmail

   2) Define the email options
   3) Actually send the Emails

14. Password Reset Functionality setting new Password
   Sometime saving to the database is a bit slower than issuing the json webtoken making it so that the changed password timestamp is sometime after the json web token has been created. And that will then make it so that the user will not be able to log in using the new token. The whole rease that the timestamp exists is so that we can compare it with the timestamp on the JSON Web Token. 

15. Updating the Current User Password
   The password login functionality is only for logged in user. We always need to ask current password before updating a password.
   WE cannot use findByIdAndUpdate because of two reasons:
   1. validation of the password isn't going to work because this.password isn't going to work.
   2. pre save middleware aren't going to work.
   
16. Updating the current user data
    
17. Deleting the current User
   When the user decide to delete his account we actually do not delete that document from the database but set the account to in active so the user can can reactivated in the future. 
18. Security Best Practise
   Security Best Practise and suggestion
   Compromised database
   - Strongly encrypt passwords with salt and hash (bcrypt)
   - Strongly encrypt password with tokens. (SHA 256)

   Brutal Force Attacks
   - Use brycpt (to make login request slow)
   - Implement rate limiting (express-rate-limit)
   - Implement maximum login attempt

   Cross site scripting Attacks
   - Store JWT in HTTP only cookies not in local storage
   - Sanitize user input data
   - Set speical HTTP header (helmet package)

   Denial of Services Attacks
   - Implement rate limiting (express-rate-limit)
   - Limit body payload( in body-parser)
   - Avoid evil regular expression

   NOSQL Query Injection
   Query Injection happens when an attacker instead of inputing valid data, injects some query in order to create query expression that are gonna translate to true. For example to be logged in even without providing valid login password and email.
   - Use mongoose for MongoDB 
   - Sanitize user input data

   Other Best Practise and suggestion
   - Always use https
   - Create random password reset tokens with expiry date
   - Deny access to JWT after password changed
   - Don't commit sensitive config data to Git
   - Don't send error details to client
   - Prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (csurf package)
   - Require re-authentication before a high value actions
   - Implement blacklist of untrusted JWT
   - Confirm user email address after first creating account
   - Keep user logged in with refresh token
   - Implement two factor authentication
   - Prevent parameter pollution causing Uncaught Exception
   
19. Sending JWT via cookie
   JWT should be stored in the secure HTTP only cookie so that browser can store it in more secure way. 
   Cookie is basically a small piece of text that a server can send to client. When the client receive the cookie it will automatically store it and then automatically send it back along with all future request to the same server. 

20. Implementing Rate limiting
   Rate Limiter count the number of request coming from one IP and then when there are too many request block this request.
   